# Fill in, commit and push each day.

Oct 6, 2016
	Yesterday : 
		I completed the initial JugPuzzle Model classes
	
	Today     : Plan to Begin organizing my user stories and fully understand
		        what this GUI is suppose to do. Begin familiarizing myself with
		        useful tools that will allow me to achieve the product
	
	Obstacles : Make sure the the most important user stories are covered
			    missing an important one could pose an issue later on

Oct 7, 2016
	Yesterday : Organized user stories and declared which one will be done in which 
				sprint. Began to look at the GUI layout and strategies of implementation
	Today     : Review Learned material to throughly understand how observers
				and observed works as well as GUI 
	Obstacles : Figuring out the method of implimentation that will provide the
				simplest code.
Oct 8, 2016
	Yesterday : Prepared to begin implementing the observable and observer classes 
				and organized the layout of the MVC
	Today     : Begin initializing the GUI so it would open an empty GUI window
				also begin to have the JLabels of the jug capacities show
	Obstacles : Ensuring that the obersever and observed classes were implemented correctly
	
Oct 9, 2016
	Yesterday : Worked on getting the GUI application to open and played with the JLabels
	Today     : Continue to work on the JLabels that would display the jugs and their 
				capacities
	Obstacles : having one view, showing all three jugs caused a raod block and I still
				have not over come this obsticle
	
Oct 10, 2016
	Yesterday : Completed the GUI with no functionally but almost made an error by
				converting the text based controller to the gui one. I took the
				text controller from A1 and made the new class appropriately
	Today     : I plan to add action listeners to the buttons ultimately adding
				basic functionality to the program.  
	Obstacles : Having a hard time grasping the concept of action listener so implementing correctly
				will take more time to understand
	
Oct 11, 2016
	Yesterday : Attempted to complete the ability to make a move but had little success with the buttonaction listeners
	Today     : I plan to complete the ability to make moves and solve the issue i am having with the button action listeners
	Obstacles : Keeping track of which button was pressed first and which was pressed second.
	
Oct 12, 2016
	Yesterday :
	Today     :DAY OFF
	Obstacles :
	
Oct 13, 2016
	Yesterday :
	Today     :DAY OFF
	Obstacles :
	
Oct 14, 2016
	Yesterday :
	Today     :I plan to get the new game button working and potential get the game to stop once won
	Obstacles :working with one action listener
	
Oct 15, 2016
	Yesterday : I made some changing adding another view and implemented the JProgressBar built in to 
				add a more appealing interface. I had to make a second view because I still wanted the
				moves to display using a JLabel. I also made it so it disables the game when you win and
				pops up with a message letting you know that you have won and in how many moves.
				If you continue to try to play than it will keep popping up unless you press new game
	Today     : Commit and push by tonight at midnight for ontime submission. I plan to add a help button and 
				get the quit button working.
	Obstacles : Separating the action listeners without disrupting the code.

Oct 16, 2016
	Yesterday : Added a help button as well as got the quit button to work and cleaned up code and whitespace.
				I separated my action listeners and renamed some classes and variables to clean it up.
	Today     : 
	Obstacles :
	
Oct 17, 2016
	Yesterday :
	Today     : Commit and push by tonight at midnight for late submission.
	Obstacles :
